


08/12/10 E. Correia
WK#:6,12      MV#:5
Augener/Chrysander 1888-1891
Concerto XII
V. Giga
Viola
1 22
Group memberships: score
score: part 6 of 7
$  K:-1   Q:2   T:6/8  C:13  D:Allegro
rest   1        e
measure 1
rest   6
measure 2
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 3
rest   6
measure 4
F4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 5
rest   6
measure 6
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
C5     1        e     d
measure 7
A4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
G4     1        e     d
measure 8
E4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 9
rest   6
measure 10
F4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 11
rest   6
measure 12
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 13
rest   6
measure 14
D4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 15
rest   6
measure 16
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 17
rest   6
measure 18
rest   6
measure 19
rest   6
measure 20
rest   6
measure 21
A4     3        q.    d
G4     3        q.    d
measure 22
F4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
A4     1        e     d
measure 23
G4     2        q     d
D5     1        e     d
C5     2        q     d
C4     1        e     d
measure 24
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 25
rest   6
measure 26
rest   6
measure 27
rest   6
measure 28
rest   6
measure 29
A4     3        q.    d
G4     3        q.    d
measure 30
F4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
A4     1        e     d
measure 31
G4     2        q     d
D5     1        e     d
C5     2        q     d
C4     1        e     d
measure 32
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
F4     1        e     d
measure 33
C5     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
F4     1        e     d
measure 34
F4     2        q     d
D5     1        e     d
C5     2        q     d
C4     1        e     d
measure 35
C4     3-       q.    d        -
C4     2        q     d
mheavy4 36      :|:
rest   6
measure 37
rest   6
measure 38
A4     3        q.    d
A4     3        q.    d
measure 39
A4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 40
rest   6
measure 41
rest   6
measure 42
D4     2        q     d
rest   1        e
D4     2        q     d
rest   1        e
measure 43
D4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 44
rest   6
measure 45
rest   6
measure 46
E4     2        q     d
rest   1        e
E4     2        q     d
rest   1        e
measure 47
E4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
A4     1        e     d
measure 48
A4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
D5     1        e     d
measure 49
B4     3        q.n   d
rest   2        q
F4     1        e     d
measure 50
E4     3        q.    d
E4     3        q.    d
measure 51
E4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 52
rest   6
measure 53
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 54
rest   6
measure 55
F4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 56
rest   6
measure 57
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
C5     1        e     d
measure 58
A4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
G4     1        e     d
measure 59
E4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 60
rest   6
measure 61
F4     3        q.    d
F4     3        q.    d
measure 62
rest   6
measure 63
G4     3        q.    d
G4     3        q.    d
measure 64
rest   6
measure 65
A4     3        q.    d
A4     3        q.    d
measure 66
rest   6
measure 67
E4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 68
rest   6
measure 69
D4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 70
rest   6
measure 71
G4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
F4     1        e     d
measure 72
F4     2        q     d
D4     1        e     d
C4     3        q.    d
measure 73
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 74
E4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 75
F4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 76
G4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
A4     1        e     d
measure 77
G4     2        q     d
D5     1        e     d
C5     2        q     d
C4     1        e     d
measure 78
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 79
E4     3        q.    d         p
P    C33:Y60
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 80
F4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
rest   1        e
measure 81
G4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
A4     1        e     d
measure 82
G4     2        q     d
D5     1        e     d
C5     2        q     d
C4     1        e     d
measure 83
C4     3        q.    d
rest   2        q
D4     1        e     d         f
P   C33:Y68
measure 84
G3     2        q     u
A3     1        e     u
C4     3        q.    d
measure 85
C4     6        h.    d
mheavy2         :|
/END
